Original Transcript:
wear CP Chief has taken his uh battle  against the post pole violence in Andra  Pradesh straight to the national capital  today he is in jant Manar holding photo  and video exhibition uh jagun RI G thank  you so much for speaking totv I'll begin  by asking you that you had an unusual  guest sometime back in uh akilesh yadav  samajwadi party Chief is there some  signal of a political  realignment  my most important aspect here is let's  not deviate the issue see the topic here  is there have been ghastly  incidents which have taken place in the  state of Andra  Pradesh which are to be what ought to be  condemned in a civil  society you know these kind of  Acts where Chandra Babu NAU's own son  Nara  loes  actually  actually comes up with  a red book like  this and makes Holdings of these red  books and this photograph is made a  holding and printed all over the state  and literally passes a  message  that we are going to go ahead vandalize  that red book has names of all the  officers names of all the  politicians on whom vandalism should  take place assault should take place and  this poster this these Holdings are  published all over the state giving a  message to the police that our people  are going on a rampage you people are  supposed to just watch a rather fer  false cases on victims rather than the  people who assault that kind of a  message with that kind of a message last  45 days in the state is  seen these kind of assaults which have  never taken place in fact all these uh  posters that you see are material  evidence  and all this on these video clippings  are all material evidence where you have  people literally hacking a person to  death you had written a letter to the  Prime Minister that there is some kind  of evil design to suppress ysrcp what  has been the response to that in  fact I had written letters to the Prime  Minister I had written letters to the  home minister I had also written letters  to the president of the country as well  in fact we have invited every political  party irrespective of which Forum they  belong to asking them to come over and  see for themselves these photographs  that are displayed the video clippings  that are being played and make up for  themselves make make their mind for  themselves whether this is to be  condemned or not because if these acts  are not  condemned democracy would limp see Dem  what is democracy Equitable Justice if  Equitable Justice is not imparted  what  happens this is what you're seeing in in  the state of Andra Pradesh and this is  not condemned then tomorrow they are in  power tomorrow tomorrow we will come to  power yesterday we were in power but we  never did this something like this today  they are in power they're setting up a  new trend printing red books writing  down names making Holdings of them I  mean publicizing them as hings and then  going ahead with this  vandalism this kind of things these acts  are not condemned then do you think  democracy would Prevail one may say that  this politics of Vengeance which is  playing out was also something that we  saw during your tenure when there was  vindictive action as Mr Naidu said  against him and he was sent to  jail never ysrcp or our government  indulged in these kind of misdeeds you  know this is absurd this is madness  you're talking about more than thousand  assaults you're talking about more than  300 attempt to Deaths you're talking  about across the state more than 30 30  murders which have which have taken  place across be it in every category be  it be it from kakas to sympathizers to  even neutral people because Law and  Order is Law and Order has is  deteriorated and Mr ready right now you  have another guest here and again an  India partner how should that be  seen you had written as you said to all  political parties but you getting  support from from India  Block in  fact we can only request I can only  request Maria to see for herself and  protest irrespective of which party it  comes from have you got an appointment  with the Prime Minister and the home  minister to communicate your concerns is  to be condemned I can at best ask them  that's what I did I humbly asked them  and I'm hoping that they would give an  appointment and they would also condemn  these kind of things that is a I can do  this is got no there there no parties  involved here okay today is an  interesting day because this is coming a  day after the budget where 15,000 CR has  been announced for uh uh financial  support for amravati and also the Pam  irrigation project uh how are you  looking at these announcements in the  budget  what what those announcements would give  to the state of Andra Pradesh or  something else but why Chandra Babu NAU  is doing these kind of things is  something else Chandra Babu NAU is doing  these kind of things because his  Manifesto  promises are heaven and moon which have  been promised knowing very well that  they are lies yet he had  promised and those kind of promises are  not going to be met with

Cleaned Transcript:
The Chief Minister has taken his battle against post-poll violence in Andhra Pradesh straight to the national capital. Today, he is in Jantar Mantar holding a photo and video exhibition. Thank you so much for speaking to us. I'll begin by asking you about your unusual guest, Akhilesh Yadav, the Samajwadi Party Chief. Is there a signal of political realignment?

The most important aspect here is that we should not deviate from the issue. The topic at hand is the ghastly incidents that have taken place in the state of Andhra Pradesh, which ought to be condemned in a civil society. These kinds of acts, where Chandrababu Naidu's own son, Nara Lokesh, comes up with a red book and makes holdings of these red books, are alarming. This photograph is being printed all over the state, literally sending a message that they are going to vandalize. The red book contains the names of all the officers and politicians on whom vandalism and assaults should take place. These posters and holdings are published throughout the state, giving a message to the police that our people are going on a rampage, and you are supposed to just watch, rather than taking action against those who commit assaults. 

In the last 45 days, the state has witnessed assaults that have never occurred before. All these posters and video clippings serve as material evidence, showing people literally hacking someone to death. You had written a letter to the Prime Minister about an evil design to suppress the YSRCP. What has been the response to that?

In fact, I have written letters to the Prime Minister, the Home Minister, and the President of the country. We have invited every political party, irrespective of their affiliation, to come and see for themselves the photographs and video clippings displayed, and to make up their own minds about whether this should be condemned. If these acts are not condemned, democracy will suffer. What is democracy? It is equitable justice. If equitable justice is not imparted, this is what you see happening in Andhra Pradesh. If this is not condemned, then tomorrow, when they are in power, they will continue this trend. Yesterday, we were in power, and we never engaged in such actions. Today, they are in power, setting a new trend by printing red books, writing down names, publicizing them, and then committing acts of vandalism. If these acts are not condemned, do you think democracy will prevail?

One may argue that this politics of vengeance, which is playing out, was also something we saw during your tenure when there were vindictive actions against Mr. Naidu, leading to his imprisonment. However, the YSRCP or our government never indulged in such misdeeds. This is absurd; this is madness. We are talking about more than a thousand assaults, over 300 attempted murders, and more than 30 murders across the state, affecting everyone from Kaka's supporters to neutral individuals. Law and order has deteriorated.

Right now, you have another guest here, an India partner. How should that be seen? You mentioned that you wrote to all political parties, but you are receiving support from the India Block. In fact, I can only request that they see for themselves and protest, irrespective of which party it comes from. Have you secured an appointment with the Prime Minister and the Home Minister to communicate your concerns?

I can only humbly ask them for an appointment, and I hope they will respond and condemn these actions. There are no parties involved here. 

Today is an interesting day because it comes a day after the budget announcement of 15,000 crores for financial support for Amaravati and the Pam irrigation project. How do you view these announcements in the budget? What will these announcements mean for the state of Andhra Pradesh? 

Chandrababu Naidu is doing these things for a different reason. His manifesto promises are unrealistic, knowing very well that they are lies. Yet, he has made those promises, and those kinds of promises will not be fulfilled.