The YSRCP Chief has taken his battle against the post-poll violence in Andhra Pradesh straight to the national capital. Today, he is in Jantar Mantar holding a photo and video exhibition. Thank you so much, Jagun, for speaking to TV. I'll begin by asking you about your unusual guest, Akhilesh Yadav, the Samajwadi Party Chief. Is there some signal of a political realignment? 

The most important aspect here is not to deviate from the issue. The topic here is the ghastly incidents which have taken place in the state of Andhra Pradesh, which ought to be condemned in a civil society. These acts, where Chandra Babu Naidu's own son, Nara Lokesh, comes up with a red book like this and makes holdings of these red books. This photograph is made a holding and printed all over the state, passing a message that we are going to go ahead and vandalize. That red book has names of all the officers, names of all the politicians on whom vandalism should take place, assault should take place. These holdings are published all over the state, giving a message to the police that our people are going on a rampage and you people are supposed to just watch. Rather, file false cases on victims rather than the people who assault. With that kind of a message, the last 45 days in the state have seen these kinds of assaults which have never taken place. In fact, all these posters that you see are material evidence, and all these video clippings are all material evidence where you have people literally hacking a person to death. 

You had written a letter to the Prime Minister that there is some kind of evil design to suppress YSRCP. What has been the response to that? In fact, I had written letters to the Prime Minister, the Home Minister, and also the President of the country. We have invited every political party, irrespective of which forum they belong to, asking them to come over and see for themselves these photographs that are displayed, the video clippings that are being played, and make up their mind for themselves whether this is to be condemned or not. Because if these acts are not condemned, democracy would limp. What is democracy? Equitable justice. If equitable justice is not imparted, this is what happens. This is what you're seeing in the state of Andhra Pradesh. If this is not condemned, then tomorrow they are in power, tomorrow we will come to power. Yesterday we were in power, but we never did something like this. Today, they are in power, they're setting up a new trend, printing red books, writing down names, making holdings of them, publicizing them as things, and then going ahead with this vandalism. If these acts are not condemned, then do you think democracy would prevail? 

One may say that this politics of vengeance, which is playing out, was also something that we saw during your tenure when there was vindictive action, as Mr. Naidu said, against him and he was sent to jail. Never has YSRCP or our government indulged in these kinds of misdeeds. This is absurd, this is madness. You're talking about more than a thousand assaults, more than 300 attempts to murder, and more than 30 murders which have taken place across the state, be it from cadres to sympathizers to even neutral people because law and order has deteriorated. 

Mr. Reddy, right now you have another guest here, an NDA partner. How should that be seen? You had written, as you said, to all political parties, but you're getting support from the NDA block. In fact, we can only request. I can only request Maria to see for herself and protest, irrespective of which party it comes from. Have you got an appointment with the Prime Minister and the Home Minister to communicate your concerns? It is to be condemned. I can at best ask them. That's what I did. I humbly asked them and I'm hoping that they would give an appointment and they would also condemn these kinds of things. That is all I can do. This is not about parties. 

Today is an interesting day because this is coming a day after the budget where 15,000 crore has been announced for financial support for Amaravati and also the Polavaram irrigation project. How are you looking at these announcements in the budget? What those announcements would give to the state of Andhra Pradesh is something else, but why Chandra Babu Naidu is doing these kinds of things is something else. Chandra Babu Naidu is doing these kinds of things because his manifesto promises are heaven and moon, which have been promised knowing very well that they are lies. Yet, he had promised and those kinds of promises are not going to be met with.